What's going on?
I offended the president of my live stream guild before.
I just got a call that he has limited viewership of my live stream
My job was almost gone
Ye Xian, aren't you martial arts?
Why don't you help me live stream?
Help me earn some popularity
Compared to martial arts
I think
I have one more thing that can help you detonate traffic
What's that?
Feng Shui Oak
Commonly known as fortune-telling, can you still tell fortunes?
Hmm Xiaoxian
Are you kidding me?
You don't believe
How about I help you two make one?
Good idea.
Then you can calculate what color I am wearing today.
color
Coconut you
You asked me to do the math?
You wore a plain white lace underwear today
I'm also wearing a thickened chest pad inside.
No wonder it's bigger than usual
Why are you talking nonsense? Be more detailed.
Your butt
The position of the waist.
There is such a big one.